FF152 Relnote: with  { type: "text" } supported (#44257)
mdn/content: files/en-us/mozilla/firefox/releases/152/index.md

  The `webrtc` type can now be passed as an option for [`MediaCapabilities.decodingInfo()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/decodingInfo#webrtc) and [`MediaCapabilities.encodingInfo()`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#webrtc) to check if an encoding/decoding configuration can be used for WebRTC.
  This replaces the non-standard [`transmission`](/en-US/docs/Web/API/MediaCapabilities/encodingInfo#transmission) type, which was previously used as an alias in Firefox.
  ([Firefox bug 1825286](https://bugzil.la/1825286)).

- **Text module import**: `javascript.options.experimental.import_text`

  The `with` clause [`{ type: "text" }`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import/with#text_modules_type_text) is now supported for importing a text module into a string value.

>   This can be used to ensure that a module served with the media type of `text/plain` is imported as text, even if it contains JavaScript or some other format.

Author: ```suggestion 
  The `with` clause [`{ type: "text" }`](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/Reference/Statements/import/with#text_modules_type_text) allows importing a module's source as a string value.
  The media type of the response is ignored, and the content is parsed as text even if the source contains scripts or other executable code.
```
